# Phishing
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~LIABILITY~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

THIS TOOL IS MEANT FOR EDUCATIONAL PORPOSES ONLY
but personally, I dont care if you educate yourself on what your ex-girlfriend's password is, I just need to make sure you know that it is illegal and I'm not responsible for it.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ABOUT~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

This is a tool that can be used for phishing attacks, it basically acts the exact same as a blog would, but instead of a "enter your blog post here" I may have made a "Please log into your social media" type of page so instead of gathering worthless rants, you can gather valuable credentials and view them from credentials.html and credentials.txt. I explain how to do this in the setup section of this readme.md

I wrote this purely because it seemed like a fun alternative to a php blog that I could show off to potential employers. I now realize that this is super fucking basic code and couldn't get me anywhere that I want to be. But I thought that some cyber security noobs or 'white hat hackers' might get some use from it. I coded this all myself, it actually took about 2 months to learn this php which sounds super excessive but in my defense, I didn't know what I didn't need to know. So I basically learned way more than I needed to to make this. It has some really shitty css and I repeated myself alot, but from the outside, the vectors look how they should to victims. A vulnerability is the fact that I didn't set a send limit or anything so if a victim kept hitting refresh then youd have a very long list of credentials. Another vulnerability is that if someone knew what was up and decided to play around, they could play with the url until they found /credentials.html or /credentials.txt and theyd have access to all of the previous credentials that you've gathered if you hadn't deleted them. I don't believe that they would be able to do much damage through XSS if they tried because the files that the creds are saved to are .html and .txt. But the more I think about it, the credentials pass through creds.php so they could probably break it pretty easy, but its not hard to make a new site on 000webhost so I wouldn't be too worried about it.

Many people have asked me to make a youtube channel where I post tutorials for this type of stuff, and unfortunatly between school and work, it's just not in the cards for me right now. If you would like to support me and this project or make a request for certain attack vectors like facebook or pornhub, I have a patreon at 'https://www.patreon.com/p1sces'.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~SETUP~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

So, now to the set shit up part.
This is currently only written in php, html, and css. The main credential harvester aspect being written with the html form tag and a php process page titled 'creds.php'. So you're going to need access to a server to be able to host it, if you're broke as fuck like me then I'd suggest using 'https://www.000webhost.com/' they're a fucking life saver for projects like this (note: you cannot use an @protonmail.com email with this provider, it must be @outlook.com or something popular like that). They're free and actually offer quite a bit, just make an account if you're a noob like me. Currently I only have two attack vectors written which are Google and Snapchat. More are to come soon, I'm just waiting for suggestions and a fucking day off of work. But back to the reason you're here, if you plan to mainly be using a single platform then when making your 000webhost account, I'd suggest making your sites url something along the lines of that vector, for example if I was making a phishing site purely for snapchat, I'd make my url something like 'https://snapshit.000webhostapp.com' (unfortunately one of the downsides of using a free hosting provider, is that the domain name is usually tortured). Now, you're gonna need to upload these files to your website. 000webhost makes it super easy and youll just have to hit the 'upload' button on the right hand side of the nav bar then obviously select this folder and upload. So assuming that you've made it this far, now your phishing site is officially set up, you just need some lessons on how to use it, and I'm pretty new to programming so these will be short lessons.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~HOWTO~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

So, first off. Choose an attack vector and for this example I'm gonna assume were using Snapchat. So when sending your victim the link, you can't just send them 'https://yourChosenDomainName.000webhostapp.com/' you NEED to send them 'https://yourChosenDomainName.000webhostapp.com/snapchat/snapchat.php' because the site won't magically know that you want to use the Snap vector, the same thing goes for google (.com/google/google.php). Once your link is sent, I have configured the php process page to save the credentials to two different locations, credentials.txt and credentials.html. the only difference being that credentials.html has a very shitty UI. But once your victim enters their credentials, their info will be logged on both of these pages and you'll just need to refresh them.


Just a heads up, I read the style guide for README.md's on github, and didn't particularly care for it, hense these standard, english, commonly used in everyday life paragraphs, but it's a shame that they don't allow word-wrap.
